Improve User Guide (#175)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W13-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

title: User Guide
---

This document contains everything you need to know about TruthTable.

## About TruthTable

TruthTable is a **desktop application** that enables team leaders to **manage their software
engineering teams** in one application.

TruthTable is **optimised for use via a [Command Line Interface (CLI)](#command-line-interface)** while still having 

> the benefits of a [Graphical User Interface (GUI)](#graphical-user-interface). 

Author: I feel like explaining it in the glossary is good enough, what do you think

> the benefits of a [Graphical User Interface (GUI)](#graphical-user-interface). 

Reviewer: Oh yeah didn't notice that - maybe for 2101, everytime we use a fancy word, just say "don't worry if you don't know what this means" blah blah

For 2103t, we can leave it as such

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">**Unsure what CLI means?**
Head over [to this section](#understanding-truthtables-cli) to learn more
</div>

> If you can type fast, TruthTable can get your task management done _blazingly fast_, faster than traditional GUI

Author: Blazingly fast is a meme that lots of devs use, which was why I decided to use it for some places

> If you can type fast, TruthTable can get your task management done _blazingly fast_, faster than traditional GUI

Reviewer: lmao i didn't know. sounds good then.

applications.

Click [here](#getting-started) to get started with TruthTable.

## Key Features of TruthTable

### Too many cooks spoil the Truth

Managing project documents and information has always been an annoying task to do. Besides the multitude of
links and slides created by the team, you may be using task management applications to track your team's
progress as well. This is where TruthTable comes in.

TruthTable allows you to **collate and organise all your tasks**, links, and member information all in one spot.

### Seeing is believing

It is often difficult to visualise and communicate your team's progress to stakeholders. TruthTable solves this
through its ergonomic user interface.

At a glance, you can see the number of tasks completed by your team, and **determine the team's overall progress**.

TruthTable allows you to see which members are assigned to the tasks, enabling you to **delegate work in a fair and
equitable manner**.

### Built for convenience and speed

> Context switching is a productivity killer. Having to switch from project management to product development usually

Author: Hmm this is a term that is usually used like this though, might not have the same meaning if we change the style

> Context switching is a productivity killer. Having to switch from project management to product development usually

Reviewer: Yeah I know but just not sure if someone flags it as a grammar error.. Hmm I guess we can always defend ourselves by giving examples that use this on the internet.

Can leave it as such ig

| :star:               | Tip for advanced users                                                         |
| :exclamation:        | Critical information to be wary of                                             |

| Text Style                 | Meaning                                              |
|----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| [Glossary link](#glossary) | Clickable link to navigate to a section in the guide |
| `text with background`     | Text relevant to the commands or name of a file      |
| <kbd>Esc</kbd>             | Keyboard button                                      |

Throughout the guide, there will also be alerts that look the following.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-dark">**Miscellaneous alert**:
This alert contains miscellaneous information
</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">**Important alert**:
This alert contains important information
</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">**Helpful alert**:
This alert contains helpful information
</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-warning">**Warning alert**:

> This alert contains important information to be wary of.

Author: Yea that's true, since the icons and backgrounds match one-to-one

> This alert contains important information to be wary of.

Reviewer: Hmm yeah can use both everywhere then (and explain them together rather than 2 separate lists - so like warning sign + yellow box => information to be wary of)

   for further instructions on how to download and install **Java 11**.

2. Download the latest version of `truthtable.jar` from [here](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-W13-4/tp/releases).
The file can be located under the "Assets" section of the page as seen in the image below.
![TruthTable Download Location](images/DownloadLocation.png)

3. Double-click on `truthtable.jar` to start the application. A window which looks similar to the screenshot below 
   should 
appear in a few seconds. We have also added some sample data for you to play around and familiarise yourself with 
   TruthTable's [features](#commands)! ![Ui](images/Ui.png)

4. Before we dive into TruthTable's features, make sure you understand how to 
[navigate the application](#navigating-truthtables-application-interface) first.

[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

---

## Navigating TruthTable's Application Interface

After opening TruthTable for the first time, you should see the following screen.

![Application Interface](images/ApplicationInterface.png)

Each section contains several components, which will be labelled in their respective sections below. These 

> components are numbered, and their names and descriptions will be displayed in a tabular format.

Author: Hmm, but here the `component` is used as it's original definition

> components are numbered, and their names and descriptions will be displayed in a tabular format.

Reviewer: But `component` itself has different meanings depending on context. For example, an advanced user might get confused thinking its like a React component or smth. Maybe we can just rename to "part" if that's the intended meaning.

> components are numbered, and their names and descriptions will be displayed in a tabular format.

Author: Added to glossary

| 1      | Index     | The index of the team in the list of all teams |  
| 2      | Name      | The name of the team at the specified index    |

### Current Team Section

![Current Team Section](images/CurrentTeamSection.png)

This section contains information about your current team. It displays the currently selected team, team description, 
links, tasks, and members related to said team.

| Number | Component                 | Description                                                                                                   |
|--------|---------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1      | Selected Team Name        | The name of the team currently being selected                                                                 |  
| 2      | Selected Team Description | The description of the team at the specified index                                                            |
| 3      | Link Name                 | The name of a link related to the selected team                                                               |

> | 4      | Member Index              | The index of a member in the team's list of members                                                           |

Author: Added link to glossary defintion

| 5      | Member Name               | The name of a member at the specified member index                                                            |
| 6      | Task Index                | The index of a task in the team's list of tasks                                                               |
| 7      | Task Name                 | The name of a task at the specified task index                                                                |
| 8      | Task Assignee             | The name of the member assigned to the task                                                                   |
| 9      | Task Completion Status    | The completion status of a task, `[X]` is displayed if task is completed, else `[ ]` is displayed             |
| 10     | Task Completion Rate      | The number of tasks completed is displayed, along with its relative <br/>percentage to total number of tasks. |

### Persons Section

> ![Persons Section](images/PersonsSection.png)

Reviewer: We deleted address from the `Person`. Need to update the image.

This section displays the names, phone number, email, address, and tags of all persons that you have created in 
TruthTable. This section is also known as the "Contacts" section.

| Number | Component    | Description                                            |
|--------|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------|

> | 1      | Index        | The index of a person in all the persons in TruthTable |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1      | Index        | The index of a person in TruthTable |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| 1      | Index        | The index of a person in TruthTable                    |
```

> | 2      | Name         | The name of a person at a specific index               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2      | Name         | The name of the person at a specific index               |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| 2      | Name         | The name of the person at a specific index             |
```

| 3      | Tags         | The tags associated with a person                      |
| 4      | Phone Number | The phone number of a person                           |
| 5      | Email        | The email address of a person                          |

> | 6      | Address      | The address of a person                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion                             |
```

![Command Section](images/CommandSection.png)

This section contains an input box where you can enter the commands for the actions that you wish to perform. Try 
typing `help` in the input box and press <kbd>Enter</kbd> to see what happens!

| Number | Component         | Description                                                                                       |
|--------|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1      | Command Result    | The result of executing a command in the Command Input Box                                        |
| 2      | Command Input Box | The input box for commands to be entered, which can be executed by pressing <br/><kbd>Enter</kbd> |

[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

---

## Understanding TruthTable's CLI

CLI applications like TruthTable requires you to execute instructions by typing specific words to make use of the 
application's features. However, if you are not an experienced user, terms like "commands", "flags", and "parameters" 
may seem daunting.

But fret not! This section will cover what all these terms actually mean. 

> While you're going through this section, don't worry too much about memorising the details for every "command", 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you're going through this section, don't worry too much about memorising the details of every "command", 
```

as they all have their own help messages for your reference at any time. Furthermore, the "commands" in TruthTable are 
designed to be **easy to remember** and **natural**, so you will get up to speed in no time! 

### Commands, flags, and parameters

All instructions are executed through **commands**. Each command can have **flags specified after the command**, 
which modifies how the instruction should be carried out.

For each of these flags, there may be **parameters** specified after it. But, not all commands

> require flags to **appear before parameters**.

Reviewer: Not sure why this part is bolded. Instead, do you want to emphasize that **not all** commands...

Note that flags and parameters always **come after the command**.

Let's use an example to break down what each term means.

#### Example Command - `add person`

![CLI Syntax](images/CliSyntax.png)

Here's a summary of what each highlighted section represents.

| Number | Name               | Meaning                                                                                 |
|--------|--------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1      | Command            | The name of an instruction                                                              |
| 2      | Flag/Option        | Text that is used to modify the operation of a command, often starting with `-` or `--` |
| 3      | Parameter/Argument | Information specified for a command to operate, often used after flags                  |

### Understanding the help message

> Every command in TruthTable has their own flags and parameters, but it is not feasible for you to remember them all. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every command in TruthTable has their own flags and parameters, you don't have to remember all of them. 
```

> To address this, each command allows you to specify the `-h` and `--help` flag, which brings up the available flags 
> and parameters for the command. Alternatively, you can also refer to this user guide to find out the specifications for 
> any command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, each command allows you to specify the `-h` and `--help` flag, which brings up the available flags 
and parameters for the command. Alternatively, you can also refer to this user guide to find out the details of 
any command.
```

#### Example Command Help Message: `add person --help`

![Command Help Message](images/CommandHelpMessage.png)

Here's a summary of what each highlighted section represents.

| Number | Name                            | Special Syntax         | Remarks                                                                        |
|--------|---------------------------------|------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | 1      | Command                         | -                      | Strictly alphabets only (all commands can be found [here](#command-summary))   |

Reviewer: Don't our commands have spaces in between too? (e.g. `assign task` as in the image) We should probably be precise about this

| 3      | Optional Flag with Parameters   | `[-flag=<parameters>]` | An ellipsis `...` is present only if more than 1 parameter is **allowed**      |
| 4      | Required Flag with Parameters   | `flag=<parameters>`    | An ellipsis `...` is present only if more than 1 parameter is **required**     |
| 5      | Required Parameter              | `<parameter>`          | All parameters are required by default                                         |
| 6      | Flag/Parameter Name and Alias   | -                      | All aliases of a flag/parameter will be listed and separated with commas (`,`) |
| 7      | Flag/Parameter Description      | -                      | Brief description of flag/parameter                                            |

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source: Important note for flags**

- Specifying an "equal" sign (`=`) after the flag is optional, and it has no effect on the command.
- Optional flags are wrapped with square brackets (`[]`)
- Flags can be specified in any order
  - For e.g. `-n name -p 98765432` is the same as `-p 98765432 -n name`

</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

> **:information_source: Important note for parameters**

Reviewer: love this section woah, solid explanation 🖖

Use of quotation marks around parameters (`""` and `''`) is optional.

**However**, if you are specifying a parameter with multiple words, you will need to wrap the words in a quotes.
Otherwise, TruthTable will not carry out the command properly.

For instance,
- `add person -n "full name" ...` will recognise "full name" as the name being specified for the new person
- `add person -n full name ...` will recognise "full" as the name being specified for the new person, however, this
  command will not execute successfully as `name` will be treated as a **flag** (and this flag does not exist for
  the `add person` command)

Also, if your quotes are not closed properly (i.e. some open quotation mark does not have a corresponding close
quotation mark), the command will not be executed. If the parameter specified contains quotation marks, they will be
rejected as well.

For instance,
- `'word` is invalid as the open quotation mark `'` does not have a corresponding close quotation mark.
- `"'"` is invalid as `'` will be passed as a parameter, which is invalid.
</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">
**:bulb: Flags with multiple parameters**

> If a flag is displayed with `...` behind it, this means that the flag can take in more than 1 parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a flag is displayed with `...` behind it, this means that the flag accepts more than 1 parameter.
```

For instance, in the `assign task` command, we can specify more than 1 assignee (provided they are valid).
A valid command is `assign task 1 -a 1 2 3` where `1 2 3` are recognised as the assignees to the task with index `1`.
</div>

> <div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">

Reviewer: Maybe we can use different colors for different kinds of callouts? since one is meant for everyone while the other is only meant for advanced users

Author: Standardised

</div>

### Aliases

TruthTable allows for aliases (i.e. alternative names) to represent the same commands, similar to nicknames. 
Consequently, commands and flags may have alternative names to execute the same instruction.

For instance, the `add person` command has the following command aliases,
- `add p`
- `a person`
- `a p`

Refer to the [command summary section](#command-aliases) to view the commands and their respective aliases.

[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

---

## Migrating to TruthTable

If you're looking to migrate your team information onto TruthTable, here is a step-by-step guide on how to do so.

### Creating the team

### Adding your members

### Adding your links

### Adding your tasks

### Delegating work

### Visualising progress

[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

---
## Commands

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">**:information_source: Make sure you have 
[read this section](#understanding-truthtables-cli) before continuing!**
</div>

TruthTable allows you to manage members, tasks, links, and members. For member management, you will need to create the 

> person's record in TruthTable first, before assigning them to different teams.

Reviewer: I feel the second sentence should be under member management and not here hmm

Author: I wrote it here cause it might not make sense why we need to distinguish between persons and members

Reviewer: Hmm then I guess you can put it in a callout box and say "note that .... " because here it feels a bit out of place with the rest of the info.

Consequently, the commands are split into **5** main sections:

1. [Person commands](#commands-to-manage-persons) and [Member commands](#commands-to-manage-members)
2. [Team commands](#commands-to-manage-teams)
3. [Task commands](#commands-to-manage-tasks)
4. [Link commands](#commands-to-manage-links--urls)
5. [General commands](#general-commands)

> <div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">**:information_source: Notes about command format**

Reviewer: As a note for 2101: split this box into multiple ones and include spaces otherwise it might be overwhelming

  - For `[-t [TAGS...]]...`, the following examples are valid
    1. `-t`
    2. `-t one`
    3. `-t one two`
    4. `-t one -t two`
- Flags can be combined if they all begin with `-`, where the flags are clustered. Find out more
  <a href="https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/basedefs/V1_chap12.html#tag_12_02" target="_blank">here</a>
  - For `[-h] [-c] [-i]`, the following examples are valid
    1. `-h`
    2. `-hc`
    3. `-ci`
    4. `-hci`
- If an extra parameter is specified, the command will not execute and an error message will be displayed
  - For e.g. `help with extra words` will display an error message
</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">**:information_source: Parameter constraints can be found 
[here](#flag-and-parameter-constraints)**
</div>

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">
**:bulb: Letter casing for parameters**

Note that the parameters in this user guide are all upper-cased, which differs from the lower-cased parameters in 
the help message that TruthTable displays whenever you run a command with `-h`.
</div>

### Commands to Manage Persons

> Summary of commands can be found [here](#summary-of-person-commands)

Reviewer: Ditto for the rest of the "summary of commands can be found here"
```suggestion
Summary of the commands to manage persons can be found [here](#summary-of-person-commands)
```

| `-h`, `--help`  |                    | Shows help message for this command     |
| `-e`, `--email` | :heavy_check_mark: | Email of person (e.g. truth@table.com)  |
| `-n`, `--name`  | :heavy_check_mark: | Name of person (e.g. "Truth Table")     |
| `-p`,`--phone`  | :heavy_check_mark: | Phone of person (e.g. 98765432)         |
| `-t`,`--tags`   |                    | Tags of person (e.g. Frontend, Backend) |

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">:bulb: **Tip:**
A person can have any number of tags (including 0)
</div>

**Command Aliases:**
- `a person`
- `add p`
- `a p`

**Examples:**
* `add person -n "John Doe" -p 98765432 -e johnd@example.com`
* `a p -n "Betsy Crowe" -e betsycrowe@example.com -p 1234567 -t criminal friend`

#### Editing a person: `edit person`

Edits an existing person in TruthTable.

**Format:** `edit person [-h] ([-n=<PERSON_NAME>] [-p=<PERSON_PHONE>] [-e=<PERSON_EMAIL>] [-t[=<PERSON_TAGS>...]]...) <PERSON_INDEX>`

| Flags           | Required   | Remarks                                 |
|-----------------|:-----------|-----------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help`  |            | Shows help message for this command     |

> | `-e`, `--email` | :asterisk: | Email of person (e.g. truth@table.com)  |

Reviewer: Hmm can we put a red cross also to indicate that a flag is not required? The absence of the green tick is not really felt since it is replaced with an asterisk here

* So, you can remove all the person’s tags by typing `-t` without specifying any tags after it.

**Command Aliases:**
- `edit p`
- `e person`
- `e p`

**Examples:**
*  `edit person 1 -p 91234567 -e johndoe@example.com` Edits the phone number and email address of the 1st person to be
   `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.
*  `edit person 2 -n Betsy Crower -t` Edits the name of the 2nd person to be `Betsy Crower` and clears all existing
   tags.

#### Deleting a person: `delete person`

Deletes the specified person from TruthTable.

**Format:** `delete person [-h] <PERSON_INDEX>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

* Deletes the person at the specified `PERSON_INDEX`, which refers to the index number shown in the
  [persons section](#persons-section)
* `PERSON_INDEX` **must be a positive integer**: 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**
- `delete p`
- `d person`
- `d p`

**Examples:**
* `list persons` followed by `delete person 2` deletes the 2nd person in TruthTable.

> * `find person Betsy` followed by `delete person 1` deletes the 1st person in the results of the `find person` command.

Reviewer: Probably not a good idea to reference `find person` before we define it (though its just below eh).

Author: Added link to the commands. I think it's fine if we direct them with links

Reviewer: Okay

#### Finding a person: `find person`

> Finds person whose names contain any of the given keywords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finds all persons whose names contain any of the given keywords.
```

**Format:** `find person [-h] <PERSON_NAME_KEYWORDS>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

* Only the name is searched.
* The search is case-insensitive, e.g. `hans` will match `Hans`.
* The order of the keywords does not matter, e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`.
* Persons with names partially matching the keywords will be returned, e.g. `han` will match `Hans`.

> * Persons with names matching at least one keyword will be returned, e.g. `hans bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Persons with names matching at least one keyword will be returned, e.g. `find person hans bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo
```

Author: I don't think its necessary to add the command names in front, since we are talking about matching here

Reviewer: Yup then maybe you can change `return` to `match`

> * Persons with names matching at least one keyword will be returned, e.g. `hans bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo

Reviewer: 2101: use the names we use in the sample data (Alex Yeoh, etc.)

  Yang`.

**Command Aliases:**
- `find p`
- `f person`
- `f p`

**Examples:**
* `find person John` returns `john` and `John Doe`

> * `find person alex david` returns `Alex Yeoh`, `David Li`<br>

Reviewer: Include "For example, the output of running `find person alex david` is shown below:"

Also, include some space between the example and the image

  ![result for 'find person alex david'](images/findAlexDavidResult.png)

#### Listing all persons: `list persons`

Shows a list of all persons in TruthTable.

**Format:** `list persons [-h]`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

**Command Aliases:**
- `list p`
- `l persons`
- `l p`

### Commands to Manage Members

Summary of commands can be found [here](#summary-of-member-commands)

#### Adding a new member to the team: `add member`

> Adds a new team member to the user’s currently selected team. Will throw an error if the member already exists in 

Reviewer: 2101: change "throw an error" to "result in an error message being displayed"

the team.

**Format:** `add member [-h] <PERSON_INDEX>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

* `PERSON_INDEX` **must be a positive integer**: 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**
- `add m`
- `a member`
- `a m`

**Examples:** 

- `add member 1` will add the first person in the [persons sections](#persons-section) as a new member to the 
  [currently selected team](#current-team-section).

#### Delete a member from team: `delete member`

Delete a team member from the user’s team.

**Format:** `delete member [-h] <MEMBER_INDEX>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

* `MEMBER_INDEX` **must be a positive integer**: 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**
- `delete m`
- `d member`
- `d m`

**Examples:** 

- `delete member 2` will delete the second member of the current team.

#### Finding a member: `find member`

> Finds all members in the current team whose names or emails contain any of the given keywords.

Reviewer: Should make it clear that `find person` only matches name whereas `find member` matches name AND email

| 2      | Command Input Box | The input box for commands to be entered, which can be executed by pressing <br/><kbd>Enter</kbd> |

[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

---

## Understanding TruthTable's CLI

CLI applications like TruthTable requires you to execute instructions by typing specific words to make use of the 
application's features. However, if you are not an experienced user, terms like "commands", "flags", and "parameters" 
may seem daunting.

But fret not! This section will cover what all these terms actually mean. 

While you're going through this section, don't worry too much about memorising the details of every "command", 
as they all have their own help messages for your reference at any time. Furthermore, the "commands" in TruthTable are 
designed to be **easy to remember** and **natural**, so you will get up to speed in no time! 

### Commands, flags, and parameters

All instructions are executed through **commands**. Each command can have **flags specified after the command**, 
which modifies how the instruction should be carried out.

For each of these flags, there may be **parameters** specified after it. But, **not all commands**

> require flags to appear before parameters.

Author: Might cause some bugs so parameters should be in front

Author: Added warning for assign task commands since this is the only affected command

Note that flags and parameters always **come after the command**.

Let's use an example to break down what each term means.

#### Example Command - `add person`

![CLI Syntax](images/CliSyntax.png)

Here's a summary of what each highlighted section represents.

| Number | Name               | Meaning                                                                                 |
|--------|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1      | Command            | The name of an instruction                                                              |
| 2      | Flag/Option        | Text that is used to modify the operation of a command, often starting with `-` or `--` |
| 3      | Parameter/Argument | Information specified for a command to operate, often used after flags                  |

### Understanding the help message

> Every command in TruthTable has their own flags and parameters, you don't have to remember all of them.

Author: ```suggestion
Every command in TruthTable has their own flags and parameters, so you don't have to remember all of them.
```

Instead, each command allows you to specify the `-h` and `--help` flag, which brings up the available flags
and parameters for the command. Alternatively, you can also refer to this user guide to find out the details of
any command.

#### Example Command Help Message: `add person --help`

![Command Help Message](images/CommandHelpMessage.png)

Here's a summary of what each highlighted section represents.

| Number | Name                            | Special Syntax         | Remarks                                                                        |
|--------|---------------------------------|------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1      | Command                         | -                      | Only alphabets and spaces (all commands can be found [here](#commands))        |
| 2      | Optional Flag with no Parameter | `[-flag]`              | -                                                                              |
| 3      | Optional Flag with Parameters   | `[-flag=<parameters>]` | An ellipsis `...` is present only if more than 1 parameter is **allowed**      |

> | 4      | Required Flag with Parameters   | `flag=<parameters>`    | An ellipsis `...` is present only if more than 1 parameter is **required**     |

Author: ```suggestion
| 4      | Required Flag with Parameters   | `flag=<parameters>`    | An ellipsis `...` is present only if more than 1 parameter is **allowed**     |
```

> should not use both `-n` and `-e` in the `find member` command. 

Reviewer: You can find members using...

Bold **not** in next line.

#### Listing all members of the team: `list members`

View all the members currently in the team, in the form of a list.

**Format:** `list members [-h]`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

**Command Aliases:**
- `list m`
- `l members`
- `l m`

#### Sort members: `sort members`

Sorts all members in the current team by name and displays them in the member list.

**Format:** `sort members [-h] <ORDER>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

| Order Value | Description                                                                  |
|-------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `asc`       | Sorts team members in **alphabetical** order (based on their names).         |
| `dsc`       | Sorts team members in **reverse alphabetical** order (based on their names). |

> | `res`       | **Resets** the order of the team members shown                               |

Reviewer: Just below this, we can mention that the default ordering is the order in which the members were added to the team

```suggestion
| `res`       | **Resets** the order of the team members shown back to default                           |
```

**Command Aliases:**
- `sort m`
- `so members`
- `so m`

**Examples:**
* `sort members asc` sorts team members in **ascending** order.
* `sort members dsc` sorts team members in **descending** order.
* `sort members res` **resets** the order of team members shown.

### Commands to Manage Teams

> Summary of commands can be found [here](#summary-of-team-commands)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Summary of commands to manage teams can be found [here](#summary-of-team-commands)
```

|--------------------|:---------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help`     |          | Shows help message for this command                          |
| `-d`, `--deadline` |          | Deadline of task (e.g. 2023-02-25 23:59)                     |  
| `-a`, `--assignee` |          | Index of members in [members section](#current-team-section) |

* `TASK_DEADLINE` contains both the date and time in `YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM` format, and it **does not have quotation marks 
  (`""`)
  around the parameter**.
* `TASK_ASSIGNEES` **must be positive integers**: 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**
- `add ta`
- `a task`
- `a ta`

**Examples:**

* `add task "Create PR"` will add a task with the name "Create PR", to the current team's task list.
* `add task "Merge PR" -a 1 -d 2022-12-02 23:59` will add a task with the name "Merge PR", assigned to the first 
member in the members list with a deadline of 2nd Dec 2022 23:59, to the current team's task list.
* `add task "Review PR" -a 1 3 -d 2022-12-02 23:59` will add a task with the name "Review PR", assigned to the first 

> and third member in your members list with a deadline of 2nd Dec 2022 23:59, to the current team's task list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and third members of your team's members list, and a deadline of 2nd Dec 2022 23:59, to the current team's task list.
```

#### Edit task in team: `edit task`

> Edits a specified task in the current team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edits a specified task in the current team's task list. 
```

**Format:** `edit task [-h] ([-n=<NAME>] [-d=<DEADLINE>] [-a[=<ASSIGNEES>...]]...) <TASK_INDEX>`

| Flags              | Required   | Remarks                                                      |
|--------------------|:-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help`     |            | Shows help message for this command                          |
| `-n`, `--name`     | :asterisk: | Name of task (e.g. "merge PR#12")                            |
| `-d`, `--deadline` | :asterisk: | Deadline of task (e.g. 2023-02-25 23:59)                     |
| `-a`, `--assignee` | :asterisk: | Index of members in [members section](#current-team-section) |

> :asterisk: - at least one of the flags must be specified

Reviewer: I initially thought it meant that at least one of the flags for each row must be specified (which would make it a required flag) 

Can mention that at at least one of the name, deadline and assignee should be specified in an `edit task` command.

list, setting the name as "Merge PR", assignees as the first member in the team list, and deadline
as 2nd Dec 2022 23:59.
* `edit task 1 "Update UG" -d 2022-12-02 23:59` will edit the first task in the current team's task
list, setting the name as "Update UG" and deadline as 2nd Dec 2022 23:59. The assignees are not modified
in this example.
* `edit task 1 -a` will edit the first task in the current team's task list, removing all assignees from the task. 
The name and deadline are not modified in this example.

#### Delete task from team: `delete task`

Delete an existing task from the team at the given task index.

**Format:** `delete task [-h] <TASK_INDEX>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

* `TASK_INDEX` **must be a positive integer**: 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**
- `delete ta`
- `d task`
- `d ta`

**Examples:**

- `delete task 1` will delete the first task of the current team.

#### Finding a task: `find task`

> Find all tasks in the current team whose names matches any of the given keywords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find all tasks in the current team's task list whose names matches any of the given keywords.
```

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

* `TASK_INDEX` **must be a positive integer**: 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**
- `u`

**Examples:**

- `unmark 1` will mark the first task in the team as incomplete.

#### Set Deadline for task: `set deadline`

Set a deadline for an existing task, and the deadline must be in `YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM` format.

**Format:** `set deadline [-h] <TASK_INDEX> <TASK_DEADLINE>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

* `TASK_INDEX` **must be a positive integer**: 1, 2, 3,...
* `TASK_DEADLINE` contains both the date and time in `YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM` format, and it **does not have quotation marks 
  (`""`)
  around the parameter**.

**Command Aliases:**
- `set d`
- `s deadline`
- `s d`

**Examples:**

- `set deadline 1 2023-12-25 23:59` will set the deadline for the first task on the task list as 25 Dec 2023 23:59

> #### Assign task to team member: `assign task`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Assign a task to team member: `assign task`
```

Assign an existing task to a team member in the user’s team.

**Format:** `assign task [-h] -a[=<TASK_ASSIGNEES>...] [-a[=<TASK_ASSIGNEES>...]]... <TASK_INDEX>`

| Flags              | Required           | Remarks                                                      |
|--------------------|:-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help`     |                    | Shows help message for this command                          |
| `-a`, `--assignee` | :heavy_check_mark: | Index of members in [members section](#current-team-section) |

* `TASK_INDEX` and `TASK_ASSIGNEES` **must be positive integers**: 1, 2, 3,...

> * The original assignees of the task will not be replaced with this command, instead, only new assignees can be added.

Reviewer: "To unassign a task, you can use the `edit task` command" - link to edit task

**Command Aliases:**
- `assign ta`
- `as task`
- `as ta`

**Examples:** 

- `assign task 1 -a` will not do anything.
- `assign task 1 -a 1` will assign the first task on the task list to the first member in the team.
- `assign task 2 -a 1 2` will assign the second task on the task list to the first and second member in the team.

> #### Assign task to random team member: `assign random`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Assign a task to random team member: `assign random`
```

| `-c`, `--complete`   |          | Filter for completed tasks          |
| `-i`, `--incomplete` |          | Filter for incomplete tasks         |

**Command Aliases:**
- `list ta`
- `l tasks`
- `l ta`

**Examples:** 
- `list tasks` will list all the tasks of the current team.
- `list tasks -i` will list all the incomplete tasks of the current team.
- `list tasks -c` will list all the completed tasks of the current team.
- `list tasks -ic` will list all tasks of the current team.

#### Sort tasks: `sort tasks`

Sorts all tasks in the current team by name and displays them in the task list.

**Format:** `sort tasks [-h] <ORDER>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

| Order Value | Description                                                           |
|-------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `asc`       | Sorts tasks in **alphabetical** order (based on their names).         |
| `dsc`       | Sorts tasks in **reverse alphabetical** order (based on their names). |

> | `res`       | **Resets** the order of the tasks shown                               |

Reviewer: Can explain that default == order in which tasks were added
```suggestion
| `res`       | **Resets** the order of the tasks shown back to default                               |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| `res`       | **Resets** the order of the tasks shown back to default (unsorted)    |
```

| `-n`, `--name` | :asterisk: | Name of link (e.g. "Meeting #1")      |

:asterisk: - at least one of the flags must be specified

* `LINK_INDEX` **must be a positive integer**: 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**
- `edit l`
- `e link`
- `e l`

**Examples:**
- `edit link 1 -n facebook -l https://facebook.com` will update the 1st link to have the name "facebook" with the 
  URL of "https://facebook.com".
- `edit link 1 -n google` will update the 1st link to have the name "google".

#### Delete an existing link: `delete link`

Delete the specified link from the currently selected team.

**Format:** `delete link [-h] <LINK_INDEX>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

* `LINK_INDEX` **must be a positive integer**: 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**
- `delete l`
- `d link`
- `d l`

**Examples:**
- `delete link 1` will delete the 1st link

### General Commands

Summary of commands can be found [here](#summary-of-general-commands)

#### Clearing all entries: `clear`

> Deletes all the people from the application.

Reviewer: Also deletes tasks, teams, everything

Author: ```suggestion
Deletes everything from the application, including persons, teams, tasks, links, and member information
```

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Caution: This action is irreversible!**
</div>

**Format:** `clear [-h]`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

> #### Switching between light and dark theme: `theme`

Reviewer: 2101: explain how this benefits them

"Whether you're someone that likes a light theme or dark theme, we've got you covered!"

Toggles between light theme and dark theme.

**Format:** `theme [-h]`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

**Command Aliases:**
- `th`

#### Exiting the program: `exit`

Closes the program after 3 seconds.

**Format:** `exit [-h]`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                             |
|----------------|:---------|-------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` |          | Shows help message for this command |

**Command Aliases:**
- `quit`
- `bye`
- `ex`

#### Viewing help: `help`

> Shows the URL to this help page, which will list all available commands.

Reviewer: It doesn't show the URL right? Just lists all available commands

Author: ```suggestion
Shows the available commands in TruthTable as well as URL to this help page at the bottom.
```
